# Quorum meetup publicity (detailed)

Quorum events will be created on the parent Quorum meetup and then the local
meetups will publish an announcement that tells their members about that event.
These announcements will encourage their local members to register at the Quorum
Meetup event. Local meetups will not publish their own version of the event.

The following are some suggested scripts that you can use as your baseline for
various announcements. You are of course welcome to tailor these to your own
personal style as desired.

## Announcement that the meetup is joining the East Coast Quorum

Hello, Write the Docs {{local meetup name here}}!

I am happy to announce that our meetup is joining the Write the Docs East Coast
Quorum program. The Quorum program brings together various local Write the Docs
meetup chapters that are in a common time zone to provide quarterly super
meetups over Zoom throughout the year. These quarterly meetups are an hour long
and include a presentation by a speaker followed by breakout networking. To
learn more about the Quorum program, see:
https://github.com/write-the-docs-quorum/quorum-meetups

Whenever there is a new upcoming Quorum event, we'll announce it to members of
our meetup and encourage you to RSVP if you're interested in the presentation.
As usual, your participation in these events is optional, but we'd love to have
you there if you can make it. At the end of each Quorum event, we'll have a few
minutes to socialize with each other, talk about job opportunities in our area,
and discuss plans for future local meetups. If you'd like to join the Virtual
Write the Docs - East Coast Quorum to automatically be invited to future events,
you can join at:
https://www.meetup.com/virtual-write-the-docs-east-coast-quorum/

We're planning to have the next East Coast Quorum event {{mention tentative
date}}, so look for announcements about future events soon!


## Announcement that the meetup is joining the West Coast Quorum

Hello, Write the Docs {{local meetup name here}}!

I am happy to announce that our meetup is joining the Write the Docs West Coast
Quorum program. The Quorum program brings together various local Write the Docs
meetup chapters that are in a common time zone to provide quarterly super
meetups over Zoom throughout the year. These quarterly meetups are an hour long
and include a presentation by a speaker followed by breakout networking. To
learn more about the Quorum program, see:
https://github.com/write-the-docs-quorum/quorum-meetups

Whenever there is a new upcoming Quorum event, we'll announce it to members of
our meetup and encourage you to RSVP if you're interested in the presentation.
As usual, your participation in these events is optional, but we'd love to have
you there if you can make it. At the end of each Quorum event, we'll have a few
minutes to socialize with each other, talk about job opportunities in our area,
and discuss plans for future local meetups. If you'd like to join the Virtual
Write the Docs - West Coast Quorum to automatically be invited to future events,
you can join at: https://www.meetup.com/virtual-write-the-docs-west-coast-quorum/

We're planning to have the next West Coast Quorum event in {{mention tentative
date}}, so look for announcements about future events soon!
